[docs] Update guide for eas builds for the new eas:build:init command (#10005)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/eas-build-in-5-minutes.md

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/02-init-complete.png" /></center>

## Set a bundle identifier for iOS

> Before configuring the project to build with EAS Build, you'll need to set the bundle identifier (`expo.ios.bundleIdentifer`) that will be used to identify your application on the Apple App Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before configuring the project for EAS Build, you'll need to set the bundle identifier (`expo.ios.bundleIdentifer`) that will be used to identify your application on the Apple App Store.
```

An excerpt from Apple's docs:

> The bundle identifier string identifies your application to the system. This string must be a uniform type identifier (UTI) that contains only alphanumeric (A-Z,a-z,0-9), hyphen (-), and period (.) characters. The string should also be in reverse-DNS format. For example, if your company’s domain is Ajax.com and you create an application named Hello, you could assign the string com.Ajax.Hello as your application’s bundle identifier.

> To set the bundle identifier, open `app.json`, and add a `bundleIdentifier` property under `expo.ios` key, then commit the change:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the bundle identifier, open `app.json`, and add a `bundleIdentifier` property under the `expo.ios` key, then commit the change:
```

- `git add app.json`
- `git commit -m "Set bundle identifier"`

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/06-set-bundle-id.png" /></center>

> ## Configure project for building with EAS Build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure your project for EAS Build
```

To automatically configure your native project for building with EAS Build on Android and iOS, you will need to run the following command:

```sh
expo eas:build:init
```

It will automatically perform the following steps:

### Create `eas.json`

> The command will create a `eas.json` file in the root directory and then you'll be offered to commit it. It will contain the EAS Build configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will create an `eas.json` file in the root directory, and then you'll be asked to commit it. This file contains your EAS Build configuration.
```

- `expo eas:build:status` - displays the status of your latest build for this project
- `expo eas:credentials:sync` - synchronizes your local credentials.json file and your credentials that Expo has stored on our servers

> ### Configure Android project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring Android
```

You will be guided through generating or providing your own keystore. For the sake of simplicity in this tutorial, select `Generate new keystore` and hit `ENTER`.

**Warning: If you've previously set up credentials for an app with the same slug, Expo CLI will try to reuse them.**

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/04-generate-keystore.png" /></center>

Next, Expo CLI will auto-configure you Gradle project so we could build it on our servers. You'll be offered to commit the changes to your repository.

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/05-configure-gradle.png" /></center>

> ### Configure iOS project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring iOS
```

First, you'll be asked which bundle identifier to use. Choose the one defined in `app.json`:

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/07-choose-bundle-id.png" /></center>

> Next, you'll be guided through generating the app's credentials and configuring your iOS project, then you'll be offered to commit the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you'll be guided through generating the app's credentials and configuring your iOS project, then you'll be asked to commit the changes.
```

**Warning: If you've previously set up credentials for an app with the same slug, Expo CLI will try to reuse them.**

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/08-configure-ios.png" /></center>

## Building for Android

Run `expo eas:build --platform android` and Expo CLI will print a URL to the page where you can monitor the build (and view logs). Open the URL in a browser and you should see a page like this:

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/09-android-build-progress-website.png" /></center>
<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/10-android-build-logs.png" /></center>

Once the build completes you can download the app binary by either visiting the build status page (and clicking the download button), or by opening the URL printed by Expo CLI:

<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/11-android-build-completed-website.png" /></center>
<center><img src="/static/images/eas-builds/5-minute-tutorial/12-android-build-completed-cli.png" /></center>

## Building for iOS

> Run `expo eas:build --platform ios` and you'll be asked to login to Apple Developer Portal and choose your team for the iOS project. Then you'll be provided with the URL to the build logs page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `expo eas:build --platform ios` and you'll be asked to login to the Apple Developer Portal and choose your team for the iOS project. Then you'll be provided with the URL to the build logs page.
```
